Intro:

This is a memory game, where an user will see a board with cards and need to match the pairs. This game goal is to help stdents to fix some concepts related to the Dev Academy course.


Demo:
a demo of the app, show us all the cool things you built!

User Stories
As an user I want to start to play the game
As an user I want to click in a card and see the content
As an user I want to know if a card matchs with a previous card
As an user I want to flip back the two last cards when they doen't match
As an user I want to know when the game finished 
As an user I want to be able to start again the game

Strech
As an user I want to see the game options to select which one I want to play
As an user I want to say my name to see it when I win

Planning:
How did you come up with the idea?
We wanted to build something which uses the skills we learned duting the week like the pixel and pupkin challenges.


What was your MVP?

A memory game for a single user
- with only 6 positons
- with the cards always at the same position

Backlog:
- make the card positions ramdomic
- add a for to get and show the game player when they win
- make the game options dinamic to allow more then one game
- make the board size dinamic to allow games with different sizes


What planning did you do?

Yesterday: 
We decided what to build after a brainstorm (shopping list, blog, memory game)
We define as a homework take a look about some memory board implementations
We created the initial repository from the template

Roles:
What roles did you each have?



What did you work on?


Wellbeing:
What was your wellbing plan and did you use it?


How did you agree to work together?

Stretch:
What were your stretch goals?
Build the backlog and also refact the mvp mabe creating new components or cleaning out the code

Did you get to any of those stretch goals?
no

Challenges:
What challenges did you face?
- How to approach the work because we have different styles of work and thinking
- How to code without knowing what's is the best approach to take

How did you overcome the challenges?
Have a chat as a team after talking with the facilitators

Learnings:
What did you learn? (both tech and human skills)


What learnings will you take into future projects?
